feat:(textual) Add bool value renderer (#15863)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/architecture/adr-050-sign-mode-textual-annex1.md

> Signer: cosmos1abc
```

### bool

> Boolean values are rendered as `YES` or `NO`.

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
Boolean values are rendered as `True` or `False`.
```

I wonder if yes/no is a good mapping for the general bool type. Also avoiding SCREEM CASE is friendlier IMO.
